I want to add one final thing that we've kind of overlooked up until this point because well I don't
want to bog you down with too many things.
If we take a look at our project Well it's it's a lot of false even though it's a simple app you can
imagine how bigger and bigger and bigger this source file can get.
An organization is a big part of working on projects.
Most applications will be way bigger than the ones that we've built and we need a good way to organize
these and folder structure is one of the most important things.
So let's clean up this code.
I'll show you what I would do if I was working on this application and I want to make it more accessible
that is cleaner so when other people come on the team they understand it.
And also I can keep growing this codebase
first thing I will do is I'll create a few folders one is going to be called components and these are
the components that we've built such as Carlist search box and scroll.
The second one is going to be called containers and containers.
Are these smart components the containing components that have state and them that have lifecycle hooks
that have the class syntax.
You see these components or these containers.
We can't use a pure function with them because technically they're not pure.
They have state that they modify within these functions and that's OK.
It's impossible to have just pure functions because most of the time while we may need to make requests
to the outside world but these components are special we're going to call them containers that contain
things and they just pass down state to components.
Now we can just say that we're going to move at Nazi SS to now be in containers.
We're also going to say yes we're going to move it to be an containers as well.
And then the components the simple functions pure functions that we've created search box scroll and
cardless.
While these can be in components let's just open up the folder and make this simpler.
Point to close the tab open up robo friends and let's open up source will say that scroll search box
card and card lists which are just pure functions are inside of components.
Now if you remember our Funt is also part of the app Dotsie SS file.
So we'll move that in there as well because it's defined in there.
With that let's go back to our app and.
Well now we have a lot of fails because these now refer to different parts we don't.
App.
Well lives in a different folder than Carlist in search box and scroll the way we do that is we use
dot dot which means leave the folder or go to the folder and then from there go into the containers
or sorry go into from the containers.
So where apt WSS I'm going to leave which is dot dot and then once someone here for full level I'm going
to say component's and I can do the same for the rest of them as well.
Save and we also have indexed that G-S that now is referring to our lives and containers.
So again because we're now leaving a folder we're in the same neighborhood while we can just do dot
containers let's save and I spelled out wrong.
Good spelling by me.
Everything looks fine.
Let's go back to our Web site.
There you go.
Everything is crawling nicely.
OK.
So we have a nice folder structure here.
Things have cleaned up.
And we also have scrolled.
Yes.
And I think we just have an extra copy of it so we can just might have made a copy of that.
Make sure everything still works.
Everything still works.
We want to remove a couple of spaces here that we've done.
We also notice a few errors so not necessarily errors but stylistic things.
For example with the filter I say filter the robots and iterate through the robot doesn't really make
sense does it it should be.
Each item is a robot user that we get.
So I save that still the same no errors.
I also see a bit of cleaning that can be done with with using this start state a lot.
We can just say again using destructuring we get say Konst
robots and search field.
We're doing destructuring.
He calls this dot state.
And now I can remove this state from here.
I can remove this dusty from here and from all the other places that we're using this state and the
render by save everything still works.
But the code is much cleaner.
We also noticed that within here robots talent equals zero there's actually an easier way of doing this.
And again it's just stylistic.
This is going to be called zero.
So if this is zero that's going to evaluate in javascript to false.
So we can just say the opposite.
Remember the syntax so if this is zero which is going to be false.
Turn it into true so that if there's no robots we're loading safe and that should still work.
And then finally if you see and if else statement well we can do a turnaround can't we.
We can't say we turn robots if there's robots
return this let's see if that still works.
We don't need that X or back
but that still works.
And you can see now that things are much cleaner.
We have an app that renders all our things for us.
And to finish off remember packaged Jaison how we had some pre-built scripts and we had this build command.
If I stop this now and I do NPM build or NPM Bruhn they'll check this at.
While this is building they've created a new folder called built and within here we have all our files.
But this time optimized What does that mean.
Well if we go to static and go to J.S. look at that everything is Minah fied for us our CSSA is optimized
and everything that we need to deploy the website is in this folder so we can now take this built folder
and put it anywhere.
So it's on the internet and it even gives you some good information.
So now we have this optimized built we don't have to minimize it.
We don't have to do all this optimization.
It goes should be able so that we can use import statements in the browsers.
And now this bill folder can now be deployed anywhere.
Like I said create re-act app takes away all the pain of the setup.
Everything is done for you you can just write code use Briac components from around the web to build
beautiful Web sites.
I hope you're excited about react as I am.
This is why it's such a popular tool and this is why so many companies now are using it.
I'll see in the next one.
But by.